 Flipper Zero as a Remote Controller for Raspberry Pi
Step 1: Set up SSH on Raspberry Pi

1.1 Enable SSH
Make sure SSH is enabled on the Raspberry Pi by running:


sudo systemctl enable ssh
sudo systemctl start ssh

1.2 Get the Raspberry Pi IP Address
Find the Pi’s IP address so you can connect to it via SSH:


hostname -I

Note down the IP address for later use.
Step 2: Set up Wi-Fi and SSH on Flipper Zero

2.1 Install Wi-Fi Module
If you have a Wi-Fi SD card or dongle for your Flipper Zero, install it and connect to the same Wi-Fi network as the Raspberry Pi.

2.2 Install SSH Client
Download and install the Flipper Zero SSH client from FlipperZero-Touch-SSH GitHub or a similar repository. Use the qFlipper app to transfer the SSH app to your Flipper Zero.

2.3 Connect to Raspberry Pi via SSH
Open the SSH app on the Flipper Zero and connect to the Raspberry Pi using the following command:



ssh pi@<Raspberry_Pi_IP>

Replace <Raspberry_Pi_IP> with the IP address you noted earlier. Enter the Raspberry Pi password when prompted.
Step 3: Control Raspberry Pi Remotely Using Flipper Zero

3.1 Trigger the Python Script
Once logged into the Raspberry Pi via SSH on the Flipper Zero, you can run the Bluesnarfer automation script or any other command:



python3 bluesnarf_auto.py

3.2 Manual Control
You can manually issue commands from the Flipper Zero, such as:

    Scanning for Bluetooth devices:



sudo hcitool scan

Running Bluesnarfer:



    ./bluesnarfer -b <MAC_ADDRESS> -r 1-10

Step 4: Use Flipper Zero as a Bluetooth Scanner

4.1 Option: Flipper Zero as Bluetooth Scanner
If you prefer to use the Flipper Zero to scan for nearby Bluetooth devices and send the MAC addresses to the Raspberry Pi, you can:

    Scan using the Flipper’s built-in Bluetooth module.
    Forward the MAC addresses to the Raspberry Pi via SSH or Wi-Fi.

Step 5: Running the Project

    Run the Python Script on the Raspberry Pi to automate Bluetooth device scanning and blue snarfing.
    Use Flipper Zero to control the process remotely via SSH, or use it to scan for devices and send information to the Pi.

Final Considerations

    Educational Use Only: Bluesnarfer exploits vulnerabilities in Bluetooth devices and should only be used in controlled environments with explicit permission.
    Automation Benefits: The Python script automates scanning and attacks, making it efficient for continuous Bluetooth device monitoring and exploitation.
    Flipper Zero Integration: Flipper Zero provides flexibility by allowing remote control, making the setup more versatile and interactive.

With this two-step setup, you can now control your Raspberry Pi remotely with the Flipper Zero, automate Bluetooth scanning and exploitation with Bluesnarfer, and integrate the Flipper Zero as a Bluetooth scanner or remote controller for your Raspberry Pi.
